+++
title = "Popularity Prediction of Online Petitions using a Multimodal Deep Regression Model (to appear)"
date = "2020-01-15"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Kotaro Kitayama", "Shivashankar Subramanian", "Timothy Baldwin"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "The 18th Annual Workshop of the Australasian Language Technology Association"
publication_short = "ALTA2020"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Online petitions offer a mechanism for peo- ple to initiate a request for change and gather support from others to demonstrate support for the cause. In this work, we model the task of petition popularity using both text and image representations across four different languages. We evaluate our proposed approach using a dataset of 75k petitions from Avaaz.org, and find strong complementarity between text and images."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
